Co-Existing with Boto (#2)
treeverse/boto-s3-router: README.md

# Botwo

The botwo package provides a boto3 like client with two underlying boto3 clients.

## Features

- Holds two boto clients and routes the requests between them by the bucket/prefix configuration.
- Maps 1:1 with boto client API.

## Installation

Botwo requires Python >= 3.6 to run.

### pip install

If the python package is hosted on a repository, you can install directly using:

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/treeverse/botwo.git
```
(you may need to run `pip` with root permission: `sudo pip install git+https://github.com/treeverse/botwo.git`)

Then import the package:
```python
import botwo
```

### Setuptools

Install via [Setuptools](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools).

```sh
python setup.py install --user
```
(or `sudo python setup.py install` to install the package for all users)

Then import the package:
```python
import botwo
```

## Configuration

> * client_mapping(dict) - The mapping of the two boto client names for the config. For example, ```{"s3": s3, "minio": minio}```

Reviewer: Is there anything in the design or the code that limits us to two clients?

* config(list of dicts) -  The rules for the client routing. For example:
```python 
config = [
    { 
        "bucket_name": "example-bucket", # required - the bucket name or prefix to route from, supports wildcard matching (example-bucket/prefix/*)

>         "mapped_bucket_name": "new-bucket", # optional - the new bucket name to route from bucket name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "mapped_bucket_name": "new-bucket", # optional - the new bucket name to use; bucket name unchanged if not specified.
```

>         "client": "minio", # optinal - the client to call with this bucket name, if not provided will go to default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "client": "minio", # optional - the client to call with this bucket name, if not provided will go to default
```

        "key_prefix": "test/" # optional - add prefix to new files inside the bucket (put_object(Bucket="example-bucket", "Key"="obj.py") --> new-bucket/test/obj.py)
    },   
    {

>         "bucket_name": "*", 

Reviewer: Please document what asterisks do.  I can think of any of these interpretations:

* Match _any_ substring (like an asterisk in the shell)?  (Sometimes called a "wildcard")
* Match any suffix, and are legal only once and at the end of a string?
* Only the string `"*"` is allowed, which matches "anything"?

>         "client": "s3", # default client - required

Reviewer: I don't understand.  Line 50 said that there is a default client _without_  having to configure this field.

    }
]
```

## Basic Usage

```python
import boto3
import botwo

> # Initializing two boto s3 clients according to boto API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Initialize two boto s3 clients according to boto API
```

Every docstring in [PEP-0257](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0257/) is an imperative (like this one) rather than a perfect.  And most style guides recommend this style.

(Also comments below)

s3_east = boto3.client('s3', region_name='us-east-1', signature_version='v4',)
s3_west = boto3.client('s3', region_name='us-west-1')

# Defining the rules for the routing between the clients

> config = [
>     {
>         "bucket_name": "bucket/a/*",
>         "mapped_bucket_name": "new-bucket",
>         "client": "s3_west", 
>         "key_prefix": "test/"
>     },
>     {
>         "bucket_name": "*",
>         "client": "s3_east", # default client
>     }
> ]
> 
> # Defining the mapping between the boto clients to the client in the config
> client_mapping = {"s3_east": s3_east, "s3_west": s3_west}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
profiles = [
    "s3_west": {
        "source_bucket_pattern": "my_bucket",
        "source_key_pattern": "my_prefix/*",
        "mapped_bucket_name": "new-bucket",
        "mapped_prefix": "test/"
    },
    "s3_east": {
        "source_bucket_pattern": "my_bucket_prefix*",
        "mapped_bucket_name": "new-bucket",
        "mapped_prefix": "test2/"
    }
]

# Defining the mapping between the boto clients to the client in the config
client_mapping = {"s3_east": s3_east, "s3_west": s3_west, "default": s3_east}
```

# Initializing botwo client
# The client supports all boto client API
client = botwo.client(client_mapping, config)

# Use botwo client as boto client
client.put_object(Bucket="bucket/a/b") # routs to s3_east
```
## Using Botwo with [lakeFS]
When a user with an existing python code that uses boto3 client to access s3 wants to move only part of their buckets/prefixes to lakefs, botwo allows using lakefs and s3 together with minimum code changes.

> For example: user can route all requests to s3 with ```bucket-a``` to lakeFs with ```example-repo/main/``` in lakeFS (example-repo = repository name).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: route all requests to s3 with ```bucket-a``` to lakeFs with ```example-repo/main/``` in lakeFS (example-repo = repository name).
```

(Saying "user can" is more appropriate for requirements than for users.  Users just want to know what to do, they already know they are users.)

Also try to avoid "user" in the rest of the docs.
